Document airgapped installation (#213)
astronomer/docs: enterprise/install-airgapped.md

---

> title: "Installing Astronomer in an airgapped environment"

Author: ```suggestion
title: "Install Astronomer Enterprise in an Airgapped Environment"
```

> sidebar_label: "Airgapped installation"

Author: ```suggestion
sidebar_label: "Install in an Airgapped Environment"
```

description: "Infrastructure considerations and Helm configuration to install Astronomer in an airgapped environment"
id: install-airgapped
---

## Overview

By default, the Astronomer installation process requires accessing public repositories to download various components:

- Docker images from `quay.io/astronomer`, `docker.io`, and `gcr.io`
- Astronomer Helm charts from `helm.astronomer.io`
- Astronomer version information from `updates.astronomer.io`

> If you cannot rely on public repositories and networks for your installation, you can install Astronomer in an airgapped environment. An airgapped environment is a locked-down environment with no access to or from the public internet.

Author: ```suggestion
If you cannot rely on public repositories and networks for your installation, you can install Astronomer in an airgapped environment. An airgapped environment is a locked-down environment with no access to or from the public internet.

This guide explains how to configure your system to install Astronomer without access to the public internet. The steps in this guide should be followed only after completing Step 8 in the [AWS](install-aws-standard.md#step-8-configure-your-helm-chart), [Azure](install-azure-standard.md#step-8-configure-your-helm-chart), or [GCP](install-gcp-standard.md#step-8-configure-your-helm-chart) guide.
```

The updates JSON will be accessible by the service name from pods in the Kubernetes cluster via `http://astronomer-certified.astronomer.svc.cluster.local/astronomer-certified.json`. To validate if the updates JSON is accessible, exec into a pod after the Nginx service was added, and curl the URL. The astro-ui pods are convenient for this because they include `bash` and `curl`:

```bash
kubectl exec -it astronomer-astro-ui-7cfbbb97fd-fv8kl -n=astronomer -- /bin/bash
curl http://astronomer-certified.astronomer.svc.cluster.local/astronomer-certified.json
```

The service is set up correctly if the updates JSON is returned.

### Configuring a custom updates JSON URL

After you have made the updates JSON accessible within your premises, you must configure the Helm chart to fetch updates from the custom URL:  

```yaml
astronomer:
  houston:
    updateCheck: # There is a 2nd check for Astronomer platform updates but this is deprecated and not actively used. Therefore disable
      enabled: false
    updateAirflowCheck: # Configure URL for Airflow updates check
      url: http://astronomer-certified.astronomer.svc.cluster.local
```

## Step 6: Install Astronomer via Helm

> With the Docker images, Airflow Helm chart, and updates JSON made accessible inside your network, you can now continue the Astronomer installation. Check if Steps 1 to 8 in the [AWS](install-aws-standard.md), [Azure](install-azure-standard.md), or [GCP](install-gcp-standard.md) install guide are completed and install the Astronomer Helm chart:

Author: ```suggestion
Before completing this step, double-check that the following statements are true:

- You made Astronomer's Docker images, Airflow Helm chart, and updates JSON accessible inside your network.
- You completed Steps 1 through 8 in the [AWS](install-aws-standard.md), [Azure](install-azure-standard.md), or [GCP](install-gcp-standard.md) install guide. 

After this check, you can install the Astronomer Helm chart by running the following commands:
```

```bash
curl -L https://github.com/astronomer/astronomer/archive/v0.27.1.tar.gz -o astronomer-0.27.1.tgz
# Alternatively, use helm pull
helm pull astronomer/astronomer --version 0.27.1

# ... If necessary, copy to a place where you can access Kubernetes ...

helm install astronomer -f config.yaml -n astronomer astronomer-0.27.1.tgz
```

> And continue with Step 10 (Verify pods are up) in the [AWS](install-aws-standard.md#step-10-verify-pods-are-up), [Azure](install-azure-standard.md#step-10-verify-all-pods-are-up), or [GCP](install-gcp-standard.md#step-10-verify-that-all-pods-are-up) guide.

Author: ```suggestion
After these commands are finished running, continue your installation with Step 10 (Verify pods are up) in the [AWS](install-aws-standard.md#step-10-verify-pods-are-up), [Azure](install-azure-standard.md#step-10-verify-all-pods-are-up), or [GCP](install-gcp-standard.md#step-10-verify-that-all-pods-are-up) installation guide.
```

---
title: "Installing Astronomer in an airgapped environment"
sidebar_label: "Airgapped Astronomer installation"
description: "Infrastructure considerations and Helm configuration to install Astronomer in an airgapped environment"
id: install-airgapped
---

## Overview

By default, Astronomer will reach out to public repositories to download various components:

- Docker images from quay.io/astronomer, docker.io, and gcr.io
- Astronomer Helm charts from helm.astronomer.io
- Astronomer version information from updates.astronomer.io

> An airgapped environment is a locked-down environment, where traffic to and from the public internet is not possible. This page explains which additional infrastructure components you need and how to configure the Astronomer Helm chart in an airgapped environment.

Author: Sounds good, updated the suggestion!

> > **Note:** If you have some means to allow traffic to the public internet, e.g. a proxy that allows a list of accepted destinations/sources, that will make the airgapped installation much easier. This page assumes an environment without any possibility of accessing the public internet.

Reviewer: The suggestion has a different meaning and is not correct. This guide should be followed on top of the AWS/Azure/GCP installation, it is not a separate installation.

The goal of the note is to point out that this guide should only be used when running in a completely locked down environment without any access to the public internet. In case you have a way to allow access to a predefined list of URLs, that makes deployment much easier.

> > **Note:** If you have some means to allow traffic to the public internet, e.g. a proxy that allows a list of accepted destinations/sources, that will make the airgapped installation much easier. This page assumes an environment without any possibility of accessing the public internet.

Author: @BasPH Right, but there are some steps here that fully replace steps in those standard installation guides. How do you see someone moving between this guide and the standard guides? 

Since the Astronomer installation itself is in here, it could be cool to have this as a "branching path" doc that we direct people to after a certain step in the standard installation guides. Would that be after the "Configure Database" step in the standard installation guide?

Prerequisites for an airgapped installation are:

- A VPC
- Private Kubernetes
- A Postgres instance accessible from that environment
- A VPN (or other means) set up to access *at least* Kubernetes and DNS from inside your VPC

## Fetching Docker images from a custom registry

The Astronomer Docker images are hosted on a public registry, which isn't accessible from an airgapped network. The images must therefore be hosted in a Docker registry accessible from within the network. Every cloud platform provides a managed Docker registry service, i.e. AWS ECR, Azure Container Registry, or GCP Container Registry. Alternatively, you can set up your own registry, for example using JFrog Artifactory. How exactly to fetch or mirror the images often depends on security requirements and is therefore out of scope for this page.

> Which images and tags you require for your Astronomer installation depends on enabled components and versions in the Astronomer platform. Image tags are subject to change, even within existing versions, for example to resolve critical security issues, and therefore not listed here. To gather a list of exact images and tags required for your Astronomer Helm chart version and values.yaml, you can template the Helm charts and fetch the rendered image tags:

Author: @BasPH is `values.yaml` the same as the `config.yaml` file we describe [here](https://docs.astronomer.io/enterprise/install-aws#step-8-configure-your-helm-chart)? If so, we probably need to add an extra step towards the beginning about configuring the Helm Chart, especially if the values they configure are going to determine what images they need.

> Which images and tags you require for your Astronomer installation depends on enabled components and versions in the Astronomer platform. Image tags are subject to change, even within existing versions, for example to resolve critical security issues, and therefore not listed here. To gather a list of exact images and tags required for your Astronomer Helm chart version and values.yaml, you can template the Helm charts and fetch the rendered image tags:

Reviewer: Yes that's the same. In [Helm documentation](https://helm.sh/docs/chart_template_guide/values_files/), it's called `values.yaml`, but people name it both `values.yaml` or `config.yaml`, or `whatever-they-like.yaml`. Since the Helm docs name it values.yaml, I suggest to stick to that.

I'll try to switch around the Helm configuration and the explanation about images.

> Which images and tags you require for your Astronomer installation depends on enabled components and versions in the Astronomer platform. Image tags are subject to change, even within existing versions, for example to resolve critical security issues, and therefore not listed here. To gather a list of exact images and tags required for your Astronomer Helm chart version and values.yaml, you can template the Helm charts and fetch the rendered image tags:

Author: For now I think we should stick with `config.yaml` and explain how they pull that default file as such. I agree that `values.yaml` would be better, but forever our docs have referred to it as `config.yaml` (see https://docs.astronomer.io/enterprise/install-aws and https://docs.astronomer.io/enterprise/apply-platform-config). Maybe in the future we can switch our naming on this.

image: docker.io/bitnami/minideb:stretch
image: docker.io/bitnami/postgresql:11.11.0-debian-10-r30
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-alertmanager:0.23.0
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-astro-ui:0.26.8
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-base:3.14.2-1
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-cli-install:0.26.0
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-commander:0.26.5
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-configmap-reloader:0.5.0-1
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-curator:5.8.4-5
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-db-bootstrapper:0.26.1
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-default-backend:0.25.4
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-elasticsearch-exporter:1.2.1
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-elasticsearch:7.10.2-3
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-fluentd:1.14.0
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-grafana:7.5.10
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-houston-api:0.26.17
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-kibana:7.10.2-2
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-kube-state:1.7.2
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-kubed:0.12.0
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-nats-exporter:0.9.0
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-nats-server:2.3.2-3
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-nats-streaming:0.22.0-2
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-nginx-es:1.21.3
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-nginx:0.49.3
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-prometheus:2.21.0

> image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-registry:3.14.2-2

Reviewer: Do you not think it's useful to show an example of the output? Could limit it to three lines and show `...` to indicate there's more.

> image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-registry:3.14.2-2

Author: That's a great idea, I just don't want this to take up so much real estate that people think these **are** the images to use, even if we explicitly say they're not.

```

Regardless of whether you choose to mirror or manually pull/push images to your private registry, the returned images and/or tags must be made accessible within your network.

In the Helm chart values.yaml, you must refer to the private registry. There are two options:

> 1. Configure only the private registry URL, leaving images and tags to the default values in the Helm chart

Author: ```suggestion
- Configure only the private registry URL, leaving images and tags as their default values in the Helm chart.
```

> 2. Configure each image individually, which allows you to specify a different image/tag if desired

Author: ```suggestion
- Configure each image individually, which allows you to specify a different image/tag if desired.

Use the following topics to learn more about each of these options. 
```

> ### Configuring a private registry

Author: ```suggestion
### Option 1: Configure a private registry
```

> A private registry can be configured in the global section of values.yaml:

Author: ```suggestion
A private registry can be configured in the `global` section of `values.yaml`:
```

```yaml
global:
  privateRegistry:
    enabled: true
    repository: 012345678910.dkr.ecr.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/myrepo
    # user: ~
    # password: ~
```

> This will set the repository for all Docker images.

Author: ```suggestion
This will set the repository for all Docker images specified in the file. If you didn't change the names or tags of any images uploaded to your private registry, this means that you don't have to do any further configuration to pull images from the correct location. 
```

Reviewer: Like the change, but would make "the file" more explicit. What do you think of:

```
This will set the repository for all Docker images specified in the Astronomer Helm chart. If you didn't change the names or tags of any images uploaded to your private registry, this means that you don't have to do any further configuration to pull images from the correct location. 
```

Author: Updated the suggestion with this!

> ### Configuring images individually

Author: ```suggestion
### Option 2: Configure images individually
```

> An alternative way is to configure each image (repository) and/or tag individually. For example, in case you have a convention to prefix all images in your repository with `myteam-`. Each image and/or tag must be overridden in the respective subchart.

Author: ```suggestion
If your organization has a naming convention for image tags, such as prepending all tags with `myteam-`, you can configure each image and/or tag individually. Each image and/or tag must be overridden within its respective subchart in your `config.yaml` file. For example, your `config.yaml` file might look like the following:
```

Reviewer: Configuring each image individually can be done for various reasons, a naming convention is just one example, so I suggest keeping the first line. What do you think of:

```
An alternative way is to configure each image (repository) and/or tag individually. Say your organization has a naming convention for image tags, such as prepending all tags with `myteam-`, you can configure each image and/or tag individually. Each image and/or tag must be overridden within its respective subchart in your `values.yaml` file. For example, your `values.yaml` file might look like the following:
```

```

Next, add an Nginx deployment and service:

```yaml
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
metadata:
  name: astronomer-certified
  namespace: astronomer
spec:
  strategy:
    type: Recreate
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      app: astronomer-certified
  template:
    metadata:
      labels:
        app: astronomer-certified
    spec:
      containers:
      - name: astronomer-certified
        image: 012345678910.dkr.ecr.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/nginx:stable
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: "32Mi"
            cpu: "100m"
          limits:
            memory: "128Mi"
            cpu: "500m"
        ports:
        - containerPort: 80
        volumeMounts:
        - name: astronomer-certified
          mountPath: /usr/share/nginx/html
      volumes:
      - name: astronomer-certified
        configMap:
          name: astronomer-certified
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: astronomer-certified
  namespace: astronomer
spec:
  type: ClusterIP
  selector:
    app: astronomer-certified
  ports:
  - port: 80
    targetPort: 80
```

> Note the Docker image in the deployment, ensure this is also accessible from within your environment. Save this in a file e.g. `nginx-astronomer-certified.yaml` and apply with `kubectl apply -f nginx-astronomer-certified.yaml`.

Author: Which environment/ deployment? Does this happen after Helm install? How can a user exec into the `astro-ui` pods if they haven't yet installed the platform?

Reviewer: You can add the K8S components both before or after the Astronomer installation, but the exec must be done after the installation, since that brings up the `astro-ui` pods. I'll clarify in the docs.

Author: Unresolving because I don't see where we make this clarification. It would be nice to have a "Confirm installation" section where we include both the exec commands as well as other commands that users can run to ensure that the installation was a success.

image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-alertmanager:0.23.0
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-astro-ui:0.26.8
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-base:3.14.2-1
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-cli-install:0.26.0
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-commander:0.26.5
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-configmap-reloader:0.5.0-1
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-curator:5.8.4-5
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-db-bootstrapper:0.26.1
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-default-backend:0.25.4
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-elasticsearch-exporter:1.2.1
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-elasticsearch:7.10.2-3
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-fluentd:1.14.0
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-grafana:7.5.10
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-houston-api:0.26.17
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-kibana:7.10.2-2
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-kube-state:1.7.2
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-kubed:0.12.0
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-nats-exporter:0.9.0
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-nats-server:2.3.2-3
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-nats-streaming:0.22.0-2
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-nginx-es:1.21.3
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-nginx:0.49.3
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-prometheus:2.21.0
image: quay.io/astronomer/ap-registry:3.14.2-2
```

> > **Note:** If you have already enabled/disabled Astronomer platform components in your `values.yaml`, you can pass `-f/--values values.yaml` to `helm template` to print a list specific to your `values.yaml` configuration.

Reviewer: fixed

Regardless of whether you choose to mirror or manually pull/push images to your private registry, the returned images and/or tags must be made accessible within your network.

In your `values.yaml` file, you must refer to the private registry. There are two options for doing this:

- Configure only the private registry URL, leaving images and tags as their default values in the Helm chart.
- Configure each image individually, which allows you to specify a different image/tag if desired.

Use the following topics to learn more about each of these options. 

### Option 1: Configure a private registry

A private registry can be configured in the `global` section of `values.yaml`:

```yaml
global:
  privateRegistry:
    enabled: true
    repository: 012345678910.dkr.ecr.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/myrepo
    # user: ~
    # password: ~
```

This will set the repository for all Docker images specified in the Astronomer Helm chart. If you didn't change the default names or tags of any images uploaded to your private registry, this means that you don't have to do any further configuration to pull images from the correct location.

### Option 2: Configure images individually

> An alternative way is to configure each image (repository) and/or tag individually. Say your organization has a naming convention for image tags, such as prepending all tags with `myteam-`, you can configure each image and/or tag individually. Each image and/or tag must be overridden within its respective subchart in your `values.yaml` file. For example, your `values.yaml` file might look like the following:

Reviewer: Adopted suggestion with a slight modification to match the example code below

  image:
    repository: 012345678910.dkr.ecr.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/myrepo/myteam-ap-postgres-exporter
    tag: 0.10.0
stan:
  images:
    init:
      repository: 012345678910.dkr.ecr.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/myrepo/myteam-ap-base
      tag: 3.14.2-1
    stan:
      repository: 012345678910.dkr.ecr.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/myrepo/myteam-ap-nats-streaming
      tag: 0.22.0-2
```

## Step 2: Fetch Airflow Helm charts

There are two Helm charts required for Astronomer:

1. The [Astronomer Helm chart](https://github.com/astronomer/astronomer) for the Astronomer Platform
2. The [Airflow Helm chart](https://github.com/astronomer/airflow-chart) for Airflow deployments in Astronomer Platform

The Astronomer Helm chart can be downloaded using `helm pull` and applied locally if desired.

The Airflow chart is used to create Airflow deployments by Commander, the provisioning component of the Astronomer Platform. It installs the Airflow Helm chart when you create a new deployment in the Astronomer UI. You have two options to make the Helm chart available to Commander:

- The Commander Docker image comes with an Airflow Helm chart built-in, only values.yaml configuration required.

> - Host the Airflow Helm chart within your network. Not every cloud provider has a managed Helm registry, so you might want to check out [JFrog Artifactory](https://jfrog.com/artifactory) or [ChartMuseum](https://github.com/helm/chartmuseum).

Author: Yeah not sure how this became a suggestion, might've had it in drafts and it got published. LGTM

> To configure Commander to use the built-in Airflow Helm chart:

Reviewer: fixed

```yaml
astronomer:
  commander:
    airGapped:
      enabled: true
```

> A self-hosted Helm chart can be configured as follows:

Reviewer: Your suggested sentence has a different meaning. The code shown below does not "host the Airflow Helm chart within your network", but only points to a self-hosted Airflow Helm chart. The user has to host the chart him/herself (suggestions for self-hosting are given in the sentence above).

> A self-hosted Helm chart can be configured as follows:

Author: Sounds good, updated edit

```yaml
global:
  helmRepo: "http://artifactory.company.com:32775/artifactory/astro-helm-chart"
```

Note that enabling `astronomer.commander.airGapped.enabled` takes precedence over `global.helmRepo`.

## Step 3: Fetch Airflow updates

By default, Astronomer checks for Airflow updates once a day at midnight from <https://updates.astronomer.io/astronomer-certified> (the check runs as a cronjob in Kubernetes). The URL returns a JSON with version details, but it is not accessible in an airgapped environment. There are several options to make the updates JSON accessible:

- You can download the JSON and host it in a location accessible within your airgapped environment, for example:
    - AWS S3 (no example)
    - Git (no example)
    - Nginx (example below)
- You can disable the update checks (not advised)

> Note that downloading/uploading the JSON is a manual process. This can of course be automated, but is out of scope for this page.

Author: ```suggestion
The following topic provides an example implementation of hosting the Airflow updates JSON in your airgapped environment and accessing it via an Nginx endpoint. Depending on your organization's platform and use cases, your own installation might vary from this setup.
```

```suggestion
Additionally, this setup assumes that the updates JSON will be manually downloaded and added to your environment by a team member. For guidance on how to automate this process, reach out to [Astronomer support](support.astronomer.io).
```

Author: If we say it's out of the scope, I think we should at least point them towards a resource for actually configuring the automation. Is it too much to bring Astronomer support in at this stage?

Reviewer: Support comes in after the onboarding so how about "reach out to your Astronomer contact"?

### Exposing Airflow updates via an Nginx endpoint

> To add an Nginx endpoint containing the updates information, you can host the updates JSON in a Kubernetes configmap:

Author: ```suggestion
To add an Nginx endpoint containing the update information, you can host the update JSON in a Kubernetes configmap:
```

```bash
curl -L https://updates.astronomer.io/astronomer-certified --output astronomer-certified.json
kubectl create configmap astronomer-certified --from-file=astronomer-certified.json=./astronomer-certified.json -n astronomer
```

> Next, add an Nginx deployment and service:

Author: ```suggestion
Next, add an Nginx deployment and service to a new file named `astronomer-certified-nginx.yaml`:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
metadata:
  name: astronomer-certified
  namespace: astronomer
spec:
  strategy:
    type: Recreate
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      app: astronomer-certified
  template:
    metadata:
      labels:
        app: astronomer-certified
    spec:
      containers:
      - name: astronomer-certified
        image: 012345678910.dkr.ecr.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/nginx:stable
        resources:
          requests:
            memory: "32Mi"
            cpu: "100m"
          limits:
            memory: "128Mi"
            cpu: "500m"
        ports:
        - containerPort: 80
        volumeMounts:
        - name: astronomer-certified

>           mountPath: /usr/share/nginx/html

Author: Can we comment or make it clear which values here stay the same and which should be replaced with user-supplied values?

      volumes:
      - name: astronomer-certified
        configMap:
          name: astronomer-certified
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: astronomer-certified
  namespace: astronomer
spec:
  type: ClusterIP
  selector:
    app: astronomer-certified
  ports:
  - port: 80
    targetPort: 80
```

> Note the Docker image in the deployment, ensure this is also accessible from within your environment. Save this in a file e.g. `nginx-astronomer-certified.yaml` and apply with `kubectl apply -f nginx-astronomer-certified.yaml`.

Author: ```suggestion
Note the Docker image in the deployment, and ensure this is also accessible from within your environment. Save this file and apply it to your cluster with `kubectl apply -f nginx-astronomer-certified.yaml`.
```

> The updates JSON will be accessible by the service name from pods in the Kubernetes cluster: <http://astronomer-certified.astronomer.svc.cluster.local/astronomer-certified.json>. To validate if the updates JSON is accessible, exec into a pod after the Nginx service was added, and curl the URL. The astro-ui pods are convenient for this because they include `bash` and `curl`:

Author: ```suggestion
The updates JSON will be accessible by the service name from pods in the Kubernetes cluster via `http://astronomer-certified.astronomer.svc.cluster.local/astronomer-certified.json`. To validate if the updates JSON is accessible, exec into a pod after the Nginx service was added, and curl the URL. The astro-ui pods are convenient for this because they include `bash` and `curl`:
```

```bash
kubectl exec -it astronomer-astro-ui-7cfbbb97fd-fv8kl -n=astronomer -- /bin/bash
curl http://astronomer-certified.astronomer.svc.cluster.local/astronomer-certified.json
```

The service is set up correctly if the updates JSON is returned.

### Configuring a custom updates JSON URL

After you have made the updates JSON accessible within your premises, you must configure the Helm chart to fetch updates from the custom URL:  

```yaml
astronomer:
  houston:
    updateCheck: # There is a 2nd check for Astronomer platform updates but this is deprecated and not actively used. Therefore disable
      enabled: false
    updateAirflowCheck: # Configure URL for Airflow updates check
      url: http://astronomer-certified.astronomer.svc.cluster.local
```

> ## Step 4: Helm installation

Author: ```suggestion
## Step 7: Install Astronomer via Helm
```

- AWS: [ECR](https://aws.amazon.com/ecr/)
- Azure: [Azure Container Registry](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/container-registry/)
- GCP: [Container Registry](https://cloud.google.com/container-registry)

You can also set up your own registry using a dedicated registry service such as [JFrog Artifactory](https://jfrog.com/artifactory/). Regardless of which service you use, follow the product documentation to configure a private registry according to your organization's security requirements.

## Step 2: Fetch Images from Astronomer's Helm Template

Which images and tags are required for your Astronomer installation depends on the version of the Astronomer platform. Image tags are subject to change, even within existing versions, for example to resolve critical security issues, and therefore not listed here. To gather a list of exact images and tags required for your Astronomer Helm chart version, you can template the Helm chart and fetch the rendered image tags:

```bash
$ helm template astronomer/astronomer --version 0.27 | grep "image: " | sed 's/^ *//g' | sort | uniq

> image: "quay.io/prometheus/node-exporter:v1.3.0"

Author: Why is this the only one in quotations?

Reviewer: Quotes aren't necessary but it's defined with quotes in the Astronomer Helm chart.

Reviewer: @jwitz I suggest to leave it since the command will output with quotes. Good to merge?
